It is delicious I do not have the original thing called y-kun's going to open this time
It becomes a grenade grenade It is as a feature that I am a group member ebony
It should fly like a mountain, so compared with other weapons
It is very well not something like that apply directly to the front is characterized by
If you're not used to it, Oh, help with the collection of weapons
Among them, miscarriage simply causes damage to the opponent
Cormorant is the I say say so
Inflammatory effect is given to the range of the blast
What is the inflammatory effect for 10 seconds?
The basic effect is to triple the consumption of the boost for 10 seconds
However, if it can be in the water that can not be used in the waterside
It has the effect of disappearing, so it's very important that this inflammatory effect is useful
Because
I am a weapon that is very io in Aichi 3 aircraft
The grenade is basically the same as that bazooka
Exist in the form of n , m, and the blue l
Though there is also Masukore a small number of pattern base is located in the form of say well this
Still related places that fly like a mountain
There are very few strengthening items, power and reloading and publishing
I can only lock on for a while , but even if I sleep for some reason I just can hardly know
Because it should be done without six roots
There is one of the weapons that do not Atan at all and not mastering weapons proficiency short
It's a correct Werewolf that's grenade
I module I have a module
I put out a collection
It is the point that the cherry blossoms of the grenade come
Yes, there is a grenade and a bullet grenade landing prediction, though
You will see the weapon 's arrival schedule displayed on the map. Well, this map is called
This is it is in the upper right corner of the upper right corner
Map lines of it exist hey upper right his Nde remains of when you open the map in I'm
ui
Viewing screen
Not not come out to the relatively because the Well merely does not come out only on the map
It's a bit hard to handle, but
If you are not familiar with it, attack it at a long distance and hit it, for example
And
When it comes to the enemy , it's pretty easy to say that you attack it
It is a feeling of kana
It comes to this I can see somehow roughly even without
This attendance is gradually Oh
It is different from the cafe way It is not blocked naturally in the durable way
It is also possible to use it like a mortar in a sense
Yeah it is more
Though there is a habit
It is by all means because becomes very strong weapon Konasu use
I think that it is better to use attacking agents first
Oh well as a feature as well as other weapons. N How is the balance m How is the number of balls
Many
In no good dad sky range is wide l range is low but also fly distance is wider
I will
Long run de
Pending Yamagata do it or daughter go to Yamagata will be far away
f is light but high range, but this Yamagata is the smallest
I will not fly
Kedomo I'm not out to Yuko There are such numbers
l Wow it's a lunch box
f is ground
Even if you raise the car and shake it, it will be a spring so that it can barely
There is a feature to say
Chirei is separate from small one series has a narrow tremendous Oh base basically that back high
It is m and so, but n is the same power as n grenade, but it has the same power
It is before to lower the back lower it because come with aid exchange
Since m 22 has almost no back range, it is not
n It 's hard to guess that it's more likely to be due to the greatness of the effect
This is a damage aid effect, very useful
So by all means some aircraft
Cancer tank Ya
Zakutank green macaque has this w way
The effect range is wider
why
One time Ganda or green macaque is still very often hey this
Peki and the main for the caussian double
It was a play I you say to that is there is that you want to continue the fighting
There are many people
But this should be Back 6 judgment What a weapon of explosion attribute
This effect can be further expanded by loading Baku expansion of modules
What's up & back of the house
By raising the rice to max and further loading Eva sky expansion module there
It will be easier to hit because it will be even wider, so you can also fight that way
There is no w because there is no w
So the basics are
I think it's a medium-to-short range weapon, so it will be harder to guess as it gets farther away
You will cry
I hit when I hit, but it 's very easy to hit in the middle distance
As a prerequisite to fight in the in Kyon short distance, such the in
I because you Mote ordinary person example processing what I have put in a set five bullets Katanaryu who Let's using
Just do Mase Mote at the same time the Bazuka
I have also aircraft that can have in also together with the they recoil Cannon Please put the gas
But basically the low reaction cannon and the grenade are the same thing in reverse this new ak &
I do not have cannon and shoulder together
It is impossible to have a grenade and a bazooka at the same time, so basically
I can have some reporters, but that is an exception
Gun cannon
Even the basic is not Mote I'd have the Toka Cannon grade decorate the gray point
But if it piles up, it will be in the form of a grenade and a lieutenant
For example is the basic style grenades in there by burning Te slip damage in the championship five bullets
Firmly put
The other party is good
I want to use the boost so much when I'm doing that
Than would was a lot of road place date Cheryl booth as psychological
I will not use it, and I will go to a large circle because I say that the grenade will become even cheaper.
The principle and the passing of grenades
It fought in the style of using the initial type Katanaryudan of f, such as there Nyua processing
Very much
Because the firepower is high
A weapon can also be in it who is also in the middle a short distance
And because it attacks Kedomo I often wear in cheek jar I gunfire sound is just because it tricks
By all means I Nde why the higher mind that you can also previous lives It is not only sold in the back saying
is not it
I use an echelon or an incendiary charge Assault to the front
I don't think it's a pretty hard man, well, as one of those ways
You can do that, so it is not good to bring it as a variation
Is not it
That's how I explained my grenades and incensors this time
It's a very mountainous flying space shape
It is not necessary, but it is necessary to attach the landing forecast at first so it flies like this
I think it is better to remember after doing
As I also at first like a future even if Did it not that something to gradually it
As you understand, it is by all means
Please try to count
something like that
It is variously Map commentary from game real condition commentary
We are doing commentary should
Thank you in advance if you like
Thank you for watching until the end again next time
It was the kind that'll see you in the other videos